Dear OOO,

I'm Cies Breijs, an independent software specialist from The Netherlands. Currently I'm on a self funded trip through Asia investigating what IT can do for developing countries. (See Jamils)

It was the documentary "The Other Final" (about a football match of Bhutan versus Trinidad and Tobego) that put Bhutan on my radar. Especially the interviews with the politicians of Bhutan interested me, the concept of "Gross National Happiness" appealed instantly and loomed me into learning more about the buddhist kingdom.

Naturally I followed the visit of our Prince William Alexander and his wife Maxima to Bhutan in 200x closely. I was intrigued to learn that Bhutan is democratizing in a very similar way Holland became a democracy -- contritutional monarchy.


The last 16 months I have been traveling through Europe and Asia visiting over 16 countries, many of them developing nations. Development naturally interests me, along the I met many people that showed me different perspectives on development that have change the way I see the world as of today. I got also involded with a company called Intellecap, they are a for-profit company serving micro-finance institutes and dedicating a great deal of their work into social and environmental business in India.


Along my journey I started working on a self funded project called: The Truetopia Project. It is a web application for creating self-governing communities. In my analisys of modern day democracies I found that the influence of voters on the outcome of the political decision making process is very limited -- voters are only needed ones every 4 years. Truetopia solves this problem by creating a fully transperant, direct-democratic, opinion aggregation process that takes place online. It can be considered a 'wikipedia for self-governance'.


I'm very interested in meeting people in Bhutan and share knowledge of information technology, in particular on creating value with the use of open-source software.


In this letter I an kindly asking if it is possible to enter Bhutan without paying the huge sum of money.
I am traveling with very little funds that I would rather not spend on visa fees.


It was in the year 2000 that I first learned about the teachings of Gautama Buddha, it was not long after that I gave up meet eating and drinking. Until this very day Buddhism has influenced my world view as nothing else. 



